replace slug of semgrep-cloud-platform with semgrep-appsec-platform (#1525)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: src/components/procedure/_platform-signin-github.md

1. Go to the [Semgrep login page](https://semgrep.dev/login/) and click **Sign in with GitHub**.
1. Provide your credentials to sign in to GitHub.

> 1. Follow the on-screen prompts to [grant Semgrep the needed permissions](/semgrep-appsec-platform/getting-started/#requested-permissions-for-github-and-gitlab) and proceed.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Follow the on-screen prompts to [grant Semgrep the needed permissions](/deployment/checklist#permissions) and proceed.
```
